The conventional positive-skin approach assumes discontinuous
Applying positive-skin head loss to negative skin can place wellbore
The pumping well operates at a constant rate.
The pumping well is partially penetrating.
The aquifer has anisotropic hydraulic conductivity.
The aquifer is vertically bounded by impermeable layers.
First-order approximation of aquifer flux at the skin surface
Flux-difference relation containing skin storage and surface
Head-based thin-skin interface relation
Interface balance without the along-interface wellbore term
Negative-skin interface relation driven by surface diffusion along the
A continuous head interface with discontinuous radial flux caused by
Laplace-domain governing equations with transformed initial and
Finite cosine-mode radial equations with transformed boundary
Laplace-Fourier drawdown solution in Equation (24)
Laplace-domain drawdown reconstructed over depth
Time-domain drawdown at specified radial and vertical positions.
An asymptotic logarithmic drawdown expression.
Agreement patterns and parameter-dependent deviations between lumped
Time-varying local parameter sensitivity for positive- and
The negative-skin interface provides a physically consistent thin-skin